README.md, before:

# passwordgenerator
This application generates a random password for the user.

_Password Generator._

<!-- Revise Green

Hello! My name is Mike. I am a dreamer, designer, and developer. Welcome to my portfolio!

I created it using Html, CSS, and Bootstrap. I incorporated Bootstrap elements to make the website easy to read, beautiful, and functional. The code required to get to the final product consisted of: adding a navbar with working links, creating 3 html pages for the site, uploading working pictures, inputting a background, making a contact form, displaying portfolio pictures using containers/rows/columns, adding semantic elements, writing text for paragraphs, updating font/color/text-size/margins/layout using Css, implementing the contact form and navbar links with javascript, and giving it a special artist's touch. 

Thanks for stopping in! I look forward to working together to make the present and future a better place.  -->

## Website & Refactory

View the website at: https://michaelwitt.github.io/passwordgenerator/

View the refactory at: https://github.com/MichaelWitt/passwordgenerator

<!-- Website Preview: ![alt text](https://michaelwitt.github.io/responsiveportfolio/responsiveportfolio.png) -->

## Updates

You can see all of my updates and pushes in the refactory, which shows code changes updated throughout the project, highlighting what I did to create the final product.

## Credits

UNC Coding Bootcamp and Trilogy Education Services for the inspiration to create.

## License

Licensed under the MIT license.

<!-- https://michaelwitt.github.io/passwordgenerator/LICENSE.txt -->

## Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/

## Thanks For Visiting!

Come back soon :)

Commit message:

Updated and optimized the ReadMe with project details, a website screenshot, and credits.

README.md, after:

# passwordgenerator
This application generates a random password for the user.

_Password Generator._


Hello! My name is Mike. I am a dreamer, designer, and developer. Welcome to my password generator!

I created the password generator by writing the Javascript from scratch, which I linked to a pre-built html & css. It was a fantastic challenge that pushed me to the limits, trying to implement my newly learned hand at writing Javascript. I was able to create a working password generator by breaking it down, step by step, using the following methods: The first thing I accomplished was linking my javascript file to html, I then created variables for all of the possible password characters, the next step was to make a function and alert to let the user input a password character length of 8-128 characters, I then created confirm alerts so the user could select what type of characters they wanted, next I created an empty array which I fed with the selected possible characters, then I created a loop that assisted in selecting random characters at appropriate lengths, next I wrote the generated password to the html, and lastly I added an Event Listener so that the operation would run once the user clicked the Generate Password Button. Overall, it was a very challenging and logically intensive project; at the same time, it was quite rewarding to learn, grow, and accomplish the mission of creating a working password generator! 

Thanks for stopping in! I look forward to working together to make the present and future a better place. 

## Website & Refactory

View the website at: https://michaelwitt.github.io/passwordgenerator/

View the refactory at: https://github.com/MichaelWitt/passwordgenerator

Website Preview: ![alt text](https://michaelwitt.github.io/passwordgenerator/website.png)

## Updates

You can see all of my updates and pushes in the refactory, which displays code changes updated throughout the project, highlighting what I did to create the final product.

## Credits

UNC Coding Bootcamp and Trilogy Education Services for the inspiration & code to create.

## License

Licensed under the MIT license.

https://michaelwitt.github.io/passwordgenerator/LICENSE.txt

## Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/

## Thanks For Visiting!

Come back soon :)
